[shutter clicks]
[SAKAKI] And that's pretty
much how it went down.
Who said you could take those?
You gotta delete that right now!
Something juicy happened when
I wasn't around to see it?
You should've
called me right away!
Sorry, it must've
just slipped my mind.
[ASAI] You guys aren't
snubbing me, are you?
No, nothing like that.
We would never.
Do you mean it?
[UZAKI, SAKURAI]
Mm-hm.
How 'bout we make it up to you
and hang out all
together sometime?
That sounds pretty good, right?
So, we cool?
Totes cool!
Long as I get front row seats
to the Sakuzaki show,
I'm down to clown!
[SAKAKI] Yeesh. Always
scheming, that one.
[SAKAKI] Let's figure out
what we're doing then.
[SAKURAI]
Good idea.
[UZAKI] Ooh, I could use
some retail therapy!
Ah, to be young again.
Now that you're an
upperclassman, you barely even
have to go to class, huh.
Must be nice.
You'll be free soon,
so hang in there.
Uzaki struggles when she
has to write an essay.
Look, that stuff is a breeze
when I apply myself!
I bet.
Besides, I have tons of friends
who can tutor me.
Unlike a certain
sweaty try-hard loner
whose name rhymes
with pah-ku-pie!
Then you won't be
needing me I suppose.
Uh! Hey! That's against
the rules, you jerk!
[SAKURAI]
What are you even talking about?
It's your obligation as an
upperclassman to help me!
[laughs] Well then, guess
he won't have to worry
about getting one-upped
in academics.
Ugh. I hardly see you, either.
Are you even graduating
at this rate?
You gonna get held back?
[SAKURAI]
Heh. You kidding?
That guy's got more
creds than I do.
[gasps]
[SAKURAI]
Itsuhito's something else.
He registers for
easy classes where all
he has to do is show up
once in a while
and hand in a paper to pass.
[ASAI] Some people just happen
to be gifted like that.
Well you know what they say,
"work smarter not harder."
Ah!
[ASAI] What do you do
with all your free time?
[SAKAKI]
Uh, I really like to go camping.
[ASAI]
Ooh, that sounds nice!
[UZAKI]
So not fair.
[NARRATOR] It was a way of life
Uzaki had no hope of imitating.
[UZAKI]
Wanna check out the swimsuits?
[ASAI]
Let's go.
[ASAI] Why do you need
another swimsuit, anyway?
Because... I've been going to
the pool a lot more lately.
[ASAI]
Have you?
Yeah, with Sakurai.
[ASAI]
I need details!
[UZAKI] After we went to
the beach that one time,
he's started being
more physically active.
Here, take a look.
[SAKURAI]
Thanks. Crap, my times suck.
My swim club days are long gone.
Listen, they may have
pool lanes here,
but it doesn't mean you have
to act like it's a competition.
[SAKURAI]
Sorry. Old habit.
Okay, time for a relaxing dip!
[UZAKI]
Right!
[SAKURAI]
Oh, by the way.
[UZAKI]
What?
Cute swimsuit today...
today... today...
[UZAKI gasping]
Weird, right?
Like, that compliment came
out of nowhere, ya know?
But it felt nice, so I thought
I'd buy some more.
[ASAI] Start with a
swimsuit compliment.
Not mine, you idiot!
Aha. The pupil
becomes the master.
Pleased to hear my advice
is being put to use.
[SAKURAI]
Let's see... A-choo!
He probably didn't
mean anything by it...
[ASAI]
Hana looks so happy right now.
Why say anything that could
spoil the mood?
I wish I'd got to see
her all embarrassed
about her swimsuit
compliment! No fair!
[BOY A]
Mom! She's crying blood!
[UZAKI grunting]
[SAKURAI grunts]
[grunts]
[SAKURAI grunting]
Ah!
Here!
[UZAKI]
C'mon, try to keep up!
[SAKURAI] Could you not yell?
It's distracting!
Atta boy. For a guy who says
he's totally hopeless
when it comes to sports,
he's actually warmed up
to this pretty quickly.
Now just imagine how
"hot" stuff could get
if something indecent
were to happen.
This isn't really
that kinda game, Ami.
[ASAI]
With some changes, it could be.
[yelling]
No! Not the no-no bits!
Hey, you two down
for a mini-match?
I'm not sure if
I'm ready for that.
C'mon dude, it's only
for funsies. Just one game.
Are you sure?
Who'd expect anything
professional from you, anyway,
so no pressure.
They're totally
underestimating us here!
No, I really do kinda suck.
Shall we go ahead
and split into teams?
[SASAMOTO laughing]
[ALL]
Huh...?
They can't even beat us
when it's 5 against 3!
But do you expect from
a team of middle-schoolers?
Whoa, ease up, bro!
You jerks.
What're they doing
playing against
a bunch of little children?
Pretty cringe if you ask me.
Where do you old losers
get off messing with people
half your age just for
the fun of it, huh?
Don't you have a
lame college party
or something to run off to?
Aw boo-hoo, are the pathetic
overgrown varsity rejects
upset that all the pretty
girls keep ghosting them?
Cry me a river.
--Booo!
--Booooo!
They may be young,
but those middle-schoolers
can dish it out as well
as they can take it.
[NARRATOR]
It was highly effective.
[SAKURAI]
They got owned.
[ASAI]
I don't think I can watch this.
[UZAKI]
Is that guy crying?
Huh?! I'm not crying!
Besides, who the hell are you?
Watch out! He's unhinged!
I think he's just
talking loudly.
Let's calm down. We both paid
good money to play here, right?
How about we try to be a little
more mindful of the space?
Wha--?! Wait,
it that you, Sakaki?
[SAKAKI]
Huh?
You know him?
Uh, nope.
Whaddaya mean 'nope'?
We all hung out
at the same mixer that the
soccer club held last week!
Oh right, I remember
going there! Who're you?
[ALL]
You forgot about us already?
Sasamoto!
Kawakami!
Hamada!
[NARRATOR] Don't bother
memorizing those names.
What the heck?
I only went because
they begged me
to go to help with the numbers.
Yeah? So did you end up
running off with all the girls?
No, way. We split up
at the train station.
[SASAMOTO] Oh, is that it?
Then get your ass over here.
Come be sad with us at our
consolation afterparty!
[SAKAKI]
I don't know.
I mean, you don't make it
sound very tempting.
Besides, if you struck out,
it's probably on you.
[SASAMOTO groans]
Did you even make any
effort to accommodate
the ladies that were there?
[KAWAKAMI groans]
Cause you do need to actually
let the other person
talk when you're
having a conversation.
[HAMADA screaming]
[ALL crying]
[SAKAKI] Apparently all that
bragging about your
silly little club
bored them to tears.
[GROUP]
Okay, we get it!
[ASAI]
His words cut deep.
[UZAKI]
Who knew he could be so savage?
That guy sure roasts my nut.
I can't believe we got schooled
so hard by such an average joe!
And yet as soon as I said
Sakaki would be there
suddenly the hotties
showed up real fast!
But the worst thing is the way
you're flaunting those cuties!
[KAWAKAMI]
Both of them are total babes!
[HAMADA]
It isn't fair, bro!
See, it's not great when
you say that stuff out loud.
But it's totally okay
when you're doing it?
Let's duke it out!
We'll go for 20 minutes.
If you win, then your
time here today's on us,
but if we defeat you...
Uh, well, we'd
really appreciate it
if you'd introduced us
to your friends.
[ASAI]
What? Is that it?
Oki-doke. The pipsqueak
is off limits,
but you can try your
luck with the other.
[GROUP]
Okay!
[UZAKI, ASAI]
Huh?!
What a rotten deal!
Who ya callin' pipsqueak?
Wait, what am I,
chopped liver or somethin'?
Actually, you two can
just sit back and relax.
We'll recruit a middle-schooler
for our goalie.
[SAKAKI] It'll be fine. I got
a few tricks up my sleeve.
[BOYS]
So cool!
Just a few tricks, eh?
So that's why he was so
quick to take up that bet.
And then there's Sakurai.
[laughs]
What're you doin', slowpoke?
Wake up those legs
and kick that ball!
[UZAKI]
Keep it up big guy!
You're killing it out there!
[ASAI] This game sure brings out
the cheerleader in you, huh?
[SASAMOTO] Sakaki's incredible.
Why didn't he join the club?
This dude is somethin' else.
He's really starting to get
on my nerves, the prick.
Hold on.
Stop laughing at me...
[SASAMOTO] They've got a
weakness. Take him down first.
We gotta score at
least once before it's over!
Even if we lose, we can
do that much, right?
We're so done.
[SAKAKI]
Saku.
[SAKURAI]
Hm?
We're up by quite a bit,
so you can relax.
I appreciate it, but
I've barely even helped.
Why am I here?
No need to pull anything flashy
with those legs of yours.
If the ball comes your way,
just keep running and kick
it towards the goal, okay?
Copy that.
[SAKURAI] That's right.
Don't think about it.
All you have to do is
concentrate on the goal.
[SAKURAI]
Yes, focus.
Don't get distracted
by anything else.
[SAKURAI]
Keep your eyes on the ball!
[UZAKI]
Hm? Sakurai's face...
It looks...
...like it did in high school.
[gasps]
[SAKAKI]
Here it comes!
That ball is mine!
[SAKURAI]
Now's your chance. Go time!
[SAKAKI]
Do it!
[SAKURAI yelling]
[SASAMOTO gasps]
[SAKURAI growls]
[SAKURAI]
Wind back... and kick!
[ASAI gasping]
[KAWAKAMI gasping]
[SAKURAI]
Last one!
[HAMADA gasping]
[HAMADA groans]
[SAKURAI panting]
I did it. Goal! [laughs]
Huh?
Right. Run for your life!
[GROUP]
Huh?!
[SAKAKI]
You kids can go home now!
[ALL]
Aw!
You sure about this, man?
About what? We won,
so it's time to go home!
Don't you think
giving concussions
to the other team was overkill?
Hey, that was a coincidence!
[STUDENT C]
That was amazing.
[STUDENT D]
Right?
[STUDENT A] That guy's a beast--
a god of destruction!
[SAKURAI growls]
[NARRATOR] And thus,
before he even knew it,
Sakurai became a minor legend
of the local futsal court.
[ASAI] Sure nothing "steamy"
went down back there,
but it was still a hot
day on the field! [laughs]
[UZAKI]
Wow, you went all out, huh?
[SAKURAI]
Sure did!
I got pretty good at making udon
after your mom
gave us that lesson.
[UZAKI] She's been looking
forward to trying yours out.
[TEEN B]
Wait! Slow down, will you?
If we don't hurry, we're
gonna be late, dummy!
[UZAKI]
Huh?
What's up, Sakurai!
[growls]
Why the awful expression
this morning?
You always make it
point to start
the day off looking
that miserable?
Cause that mug of yours
is giving off
an especially
villainous vibe today!
The world's most
annoying upperclassman.
I see you continue to be
as irritating as ever.
What was that?
Are you trying to be
funny, big guy?
[UZAKI]
So frickin' rude!
And here I am looking out for my
miserable loner of a friend.
Are you aware that your
ungrateful behavior
is a deeply inappropriate
way to treat
your considerate and
beautiful classmate?
So? I never asked for your help.
All the more reason
to act grateful.
You're getting affection from
the kindness of my heart!
Is it kindness when you're
demanding something in return?
Ha! Do you know
how petty you sound
sweating over details like that?
You and your meathead brain,
always trying to think
of ways to trip me up!
Really? Do you know
how you sound
gabbing away like your speech
center's made of Swiss cheese?
You and your big mouth,
always open.
Watch your tongue!
Yeah, okay. Whatever.
What do you want me
to say instead?
That you might be built small,
but your heart's real big?
Guess you're right, I should
be more grateful, huh?
All right, enough trash talk!
It's punishment time!
Wha--
How many times have I told
you to lay off my height?
Hey, you're choking me.
You don't get to boss me around
just because you've got
a few inches on me!
Wait, I need to
tell you something!
If you're trying to apologize,
it's too late!
Actually, it's way more urgent.
Then quit crying and
spit it out already!
It's just that you're
kinda rubbing up
against my face a little.
[UZAKI screaming]
Who's to say I'm not doing it on
purpose? Maybe I'm being nice!
What, you can't handle
gettin' a little love
from your ol' pal Uzaki?
[SAKURAI]
I don't understand,
are you punishing me or are
you showing me affection?
Make up your mind!
[UZAKI]
Shut up and take it!
[SAKURAI screams]
[NARRATOR]
Both options were the same.
[SAKURAI]
You good? You're blushing.
[gasping]
No, I am not. Quit being
so annoying! Just drop it!
[SAKURAI]
Uh, all right?
C'mon, my mom's waiting
for us, so let's get going!
'Kay.
[slurping]
Nice work.
They came out delicious!
Glad to hear it.
Seriously, if you
keep working at it,
you could be a master
chef someday, Sakurai!
Nah, I'm a scrub.
See, I've only made udon.
I brought the extras, too.
[TSUKI]
That's a ton!
At some point it became way
more fun to make than eat.
Well, I suppose when there's
a will there's a way, right?
You were able to
train yourself by
focusing solely
on a single recipe.
U-don't say!
Knock it off with
the dad jokes, you!
I am getting sick
of noodles though,
so I was maybe wondering
if you wouldn't mind
teaching me how to
make something else?
It would be my pleasure.
Hold up, you can't move
on to another dish yet!
Huh? And why would that be?
Huh? You don't know the reason?
I mean I could tell you, but
I don't think you're ready.
[SAKURAI]
Ugh, just spit it out!
[UZAKI]
Look, see this?
No matter how well
you knead your dough,
if you cut it wrong,
it's ruined.
They need to be sliced to the
same thickness so they all
finish cooking at the
exact same time, duh!
These noodles are defective, and
I declare them unfit for eating!
[SAKURAI yelling]
[TSUKI]
As you stuff your face...
Are you starting to
get the picture now?
You can't call yourself
an udon master
if this is the garbage
you're cranking out!
You sorry amateur!
[TSUKI] Why is she talking
down to him like that?
Weren't they supposed
to be friends?
You're absolutely right. I can't
move on till these are perfect.
I must learn. Please teach me
the right knife technique.
That's more like it, chef!
[TSUKI]
I'm happy to.
But in the meantime, won't you
end up getting even more
sick of noodles than
you already are now?
U-don't even know!
Enough food puns!
Show me how you
usually cut them.
[TSUKI]
Ah, I see.
[SAKURAI]
Huh?
Can you try taking a step back
on your right-hand side?
[SAKURAI]
Like this?
[TSUKI]
Maybe a little more like this...
[TSUKI gasps]
Oopsie! Sorry about that, dear.
I got in your personal bubble!
[TSUKI]
This isn't good.
I totally forgot, Sakurai
may be Hana's boyfriend,
but he also has dangerous
designs for her mother. For me!
[NARRATOR]
Tsuki Uzaki, 43 years of age,
had magnificently
misread the situation.
[gasping]
[UZAKI]
Look at him concentrate.
Sakurai throws himself
into whatever he does
and gets right into the zone.
He doesn't react to anything
when he's like this,
which is great for pranking him.
[TSUKI]
He doesn't?
[UZAKI]
Aw, what a shame.
This would've been the
perfect opportunity, too.
[TSUKI]
W-Would it?
[UZAKI]
C'mon, let's go sit.
[TSUKI]
Right. Now's my chance!
I must mend this messed-up
relationship at once!
[NARRATOR]
Little did Tsuki Uzaki know,
she was the one
who was "messed up."
[TSUKI]
Say, Hana?
[UZAKI]
Huh?
[TSUKI] I'll start with her.
I should go about this gently.
I was wondering,
how have things been between
you and Sakurai lately?
What does that mean?
Oh, nothing in particular.
Why, has something
unusual happened?
[UZAKI]
Hm?
[gasping]
[UZAKI whimpering]
[SAKAKI]
Oop, Uzaki woke up first.
[ITO] I'll send you the
pictures later, okay, Hana?
Ohh, or do you prefer
video instead?
Oh no, this is embarrassing!
Wake up and let go of me
already, you big stupid weirdo!
[SAKURAI grumbles]
[NARRATOR] A collision of
two separate coincidences.
The daughter,
who wondered how Mom
found out about
that slumber party.
And the mother,
who for better or worse,
happened to be prying
for something else.
[UZAKI]
But how? Who told her?
Have you seen these yet?
[CAFÉ OWNER] Mm?
You won't believe what I heard.
[ASAI gasps]
Ma'am, you gotta see this!
[UZAKI]
Is that how she found out?
[NARRATOR] It was a sad
chain of misunderstandings.
[exhales] What could I do?
It's just a habit of his.
[TSUKI]
A habit, as in a fetish?
We probably shouldn't have let
anyone at school see us, though.
[TSUKI]
See them? At school?
[UZAKI]
Plus, it's all on video, too.
[TSUKI]
They recorded it?
I-I tried to get up, but
Sakurai just wouldn't let me go.
[TSUKI]
One round wasn't enough?
And it was such a big mess.
Big mess... Big mess...
[TSUKI] I can't believe they've
already taken things that far.
If only I'd been
more strict with her..
...this never would
have happened!
[TSUKI] Hana, I'm going to go
lie down now. Mommy's tired.
Okay, have a good nap.
[NARRATOR] Having hurt only
herself with her delusions,
Tsuki Uzaki's days of anguish
would continue a bit longer.
[sighs] I did it.
[NARRATOR] The noodles
were perfectly sliced.
Aw nuts, not udon
for dinner again!
Yeah, one of my friends
made way too much.
Wait one of your friends
nooded up these noods?
Ha, don't mind if I do then!
[NARRATOR]
And just like that,
another misunderstanding
was born.
[KIRI] Meals prepared by college
girls are the freakin' best!
[UZAKI]
Wow, he's hungry.
[YANAGI]
I'm home!
[UZAKI]
Uh? Hey, Yanagi.